but Jobe answered how have you helped
but Jobe answered how have you helped him who is without power
him who is without power
him who is without power how have you saved the arm that has no
how have you saved the arm that has no
how have you saved the arm that has no strength
strength
strength how have you counseled one who has no
how have you counseled one who has no
how have you counseled one who has no wisdom and how have you declared sound
wisdom and how have you declared sound
wisdom and how have you declared sound advice to many
advice to many
advice to many to whom have you uttered words and whose
to whom have you uttered words and whose
to whom have you uttered words and whose spirit came from you the dead trembled
spirit came from you the dead trembled
spirit came from you the dead trembled those under the waters and those
those under the waters and those
those under the waters and those inhabiting them she all is naked before
inhabiting them she all is naked before
inhabiting them she all is naked before him and destruction has no covering he
him and destruction has no covering he
him and destruction has no covering he stretches out the north over empty space
stretches out the north over empty space
stretches out the north over empty space he hangs the earth on nothing he binds
he hangs the earth on nothing he binds
he hangs the earth on nothing he binds up the water in his thick clouds if the
up the water in his thick clouds if the
up the water in his thick clouds if the clouds are not broken under it he covers
clouds are not broken under it he covers
clouds are not broken under it he covers the face of his throne and spreads his
the face of his throne and spreads his
the face of his throne and spreads his cloud over it he drew a circular horizon
cloud over it he drew a circular horizon
cloud over it he drew a circular horizon on the face of the waters at the
on the face of the waters at the
on the face of the waters at the boundary of light and darkness the
boundary of light and darkness the
boundary of light and darkness the pillars of heaven tremble and are
pillars of heaven tremble and are
pillars of heaven tremble and are astonished at his rebuke he stirs up the
astonished at his rebuke he stirs up the
astonished at his rebuke he stirs up the sea with his power and by his
sea with his power and by his
sea with his power and by his understanding he breaks up the storm by
understanding he breaks up the storm by
understanding he breaks up the storm by his spirit he adorned the heavens his
his spirit he adorned the heavens his
his spirit he adorned the heavens his hand pierced the fleeing serpent indeed
hand pierced the fleeing serpent indeed
hand pierced the fleeing serpent indeed these are the mere edges of his ways and
these are the mere edges of his ways and
these are the mere edges of his ways and how small a whisper we hear of him
how small a whisper we hear of him
how small a whisper we hear of him but the thunder of his power who can
but the thunder of his power who can
but the thunder of his power who can understand
understand
understand [Music]